Update Document reference page | adding events with BCD and docs into list & adjust orders (#31025)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/index.md

  - : Returns the document location as a string.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.embeds")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns an {{DOMxRef("HTMLCollection")}} of the embedded {{HTMLElement('embed')}} elements in the document.
- {{DOMxRef("Document.featurePolicy")}} {{Experimental_Inline}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}

>   - : Returns the {{DOMxRef("FeaturePolicy")}} interface which provides a simple API for introspecting the feature policies applied to a specific document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns the {{DOMxRef("FeaturePolicy")}} interface with the feature policies applied to the document.
```
